u«Zµìmþ™ZŠvÚ±î¸I've always been intrigued by the practical applications of technology stacks in day-to-day applications. My journey to acquire knowledge of this technology stack began with confusion and hesitation regarding which skills to learn and what type of projects to develop. I put in a lot of effort to gain the required knowledge through various online platforms. One common piece of advice I encountered was to read the documentation. As I dived into the documentation of various technologies, I was amazed at the feats coders have achieved and developed, and I was motivated to learn the technology to contribute similarly. Throughout the journey, there was a constant fear within me about whether the technology I am learning will remain relevant in the market in the upcoming years and whether it will be beneficial for my career. However, I refused to focus on those uncertainties and continued my learning. The errors encountered while learning new technologies were quite a few and very hard to crack. I had to spend a lot of time resolving these errors. It was very intensive, but as I approached the end product I was developing, I felt good and did not mind the errors. In a way, those errors played a crucial role in developing my love for coding.
Through i have gained enough knowledge, I wish to learn the implementation in real life projects and be the part of organizations. Through this fellowship, I will be able to achieve this goal and gain both knowledge and experience from my mentors while contributing to the project. This fellowship will pave a career path for me, where I wish to acquire an internship and land a job in any reputable organization later.


Since I have developed multiple applications in group projects, I am aware of the difficulties faced and how the end product is developed despite these challenges.
The most common one i faced was technology barrier where despite learning the technology,we faced multiple errors due to the new features of the updated version of the programming language. In such cases the documentation came a lot handy to resolve those errors and while discovering the documentation , I learned about the various features the technology has to offer and thus improve the project.
Although I admit I still face these errors,but I am now more efficient in resolving these errors.Since I have mostly developed web applications,I have become more familiar with web frameworks and their behind-the-scenes work. I believe my experience will come in  handy at the fellowship and will develop my personality as I will gain knowledge from more developed coders.


I have developed another blogging application using Flask as backend service but it lacks the certain features i have implemented in my submitted project.Certain features were difficult to implement at that time due to my unfamiliarity with python but since it was my first project i gained many insights on how a project is developed in groups with each member developing a separate module for the project.Since I worked on the backend side of project,I developed a great interest in the working of web applications.
There is another project of bookstore management I developed in a group where i learned about the database design of the applications and how data flows between different entities and how it should be protected.